once again told to flee these displaced
Palestinians say they were forced to
abandon their first attempt to leave Han
yunes when Israeli forces opened fire in
the area military Flyers had ordered
them to go to Rafa so they're heading
south but no full well there's no
guarantee they'll be
safe I do not know it's death whether
here or there is there danger
here this is what awaits them the UN
says Rafa's population has quadrupled
since the War Began and it's running out
of everything food water medicine even
makeshift tents thousands of
Palestinians are sleeping
rough I spent 3 days walking on the
streets and when I arrived I couldn't
find shelter no tents I couldn't find
anything I spent the night on the street
in the pouring rain Without Shelter I
have orphans with me children who don't
have a father or
mother Fierce fighting has pushed them
to the southernmost tip of the Gaza
Strip Beyond those walls lies Egypt and
to the east the sea there is nowhere
left to
go this is the final point we have
reached the Egyptian border after this I
don't know where we can go no matter
where we go the Israeli Army chases us
their tanks kill everyone in the area
in the midst of the deprivation
destruction and fear a rare moment of
Happiness as families try to make the
best of their situation for the
children's
sake camil NC Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer